# Enumeration
An enumeration is a class that has a fixed set of instances, it extends implicitly the Enum class which provides an implementation for toString and equals, 
it also adds a name and ordinal function and implements the Comparable and Serializable interfaces, 
the compiler automatically generates a static values function wich returns an Array of all instances of this class, 
each instance at the index of it’s ordinal. Enumerations are created using the enum keyword instead of the class keyword and they are implicitly final, 
meaning they can’t be extended.

# Character Arithmetic
Calculating with chars it simply means you can treat chars the same as int, byte etc. meaning you can add, subtract multiply and divide etc. 
with chars one thing to keep in mind is the result of e.g. `'a'+'c'` will be an int meaning if the result should be interpreted as a char or stored in a variable of type char an explicit cast to char is necessary

# Immutability
Example:

```java
String a = "Hello World";
String b = a.substring(0,5);

System.out.println(b);
System.out.println(a);
The output would be
```

```text
Hello
Hello World
```

This means that instead of changing `a` when we called substring we created a new String instance to store in `b`. 
This is because Strings are immutable. That means we can not change the state of an Object after it has been instantiated. 
For a String Object this mostly means we can not change the content.

# StringTokenizer
The StringTokenizer is used to turn a String in multiple substrings the string will be divided at delimiters these are by default:

* Spaces
* Tabs(\t)
* New Line(\n)
* Carret Return(\r)
* Form Feed(\f)
They are not returned as part of the Tokens by default. If the flag is set to return delimiters they will be returned as a separate Token containing only the delimiter.

Whether the StringTokenizer still has Tokens left can be checked with the hasMoreToken or hasMoreElements function, 
if it has at least one Token left this will be returned by the nextToken or nextElement function, 
it will also move to the next Token if available if on calling all Tokens have been used up a NoSuchElementException will be thrown.

The countTokens function can be used to get the amount of available Tokens.

The StringTokenizer class has three public Constructors:

* StringTokenizer(String str, String delim, boolean returnDelims)
  * str the String to tokenize
  * delim a String containing all delimiters
  * returnDelims if the delims should be returned as Tokens(true) or be omitted(false)
* StringTokenizer(String str, String delim)
  * is equivalent to calling StringTokenizer(str, delim, false)
* StringTokenizer(String str)
  * is equivalent to calling StringTokenizer(str,” \t\n\r\f”, false)
